create building loc 5 0 color blue
create building loc 10 0 color blue
create building loc 15 0 color blue
create building loc 5 5 color blue
create building loc 10 5 color blue
create building loc 15 5 color blue
create building loc 4 13 color blue
create building loc 4 18 color blue

create house loc 13 16 color brown
create house loc 16 16 color brown
create house loc 19 16 color brown
create house loc 22 16 color brown
create house loc 12 13 color brown
create house loc 15 13 color brown
create house loc 18 13 color brown
create house loc 21 13 color brown
create house loc 21 13 color brown
create house loc 23 7 color brown
create house loc 23 4 color brown
create house loc 23 1 color brown
create house loc 23 1 color brown
create house loc 22 22 color gray
create house loc 19 22 color gray
create house loc 16 22 color gray
create house loc 13 22 color gray

create road loc 20 8 color gray
create road loc 20 6 color gray
create road loc 20 4 color gray
create road loc 20 2 color gray
create road loc 20 0 color gray
create road loc 1 10 color gray
create road loc 3 10 color gray
create road loc 5 10 color gray
create road loc 7 10 color gray
create road loc 9 10 color gray
create road loc 11 10 color gray
create road loc 13 10 color gray
create road loc 15 10 color gray
create road loc 17 10 color gray
create road loc 19 10 color gray
create road loc 21 10 color gray
create road loc 23 10 color gray
create road loc 1 8 color gray
create road loc 1 6 color gray
create road loc 1 4 color gray
create road loc 1 2 color gray
create road loc 1 0 color gray
create road loc 9 12 color gray
create road loc 9 14 color gray
create road loc 9 16 color gray
create road loc 9 18 color gray
create road loc 9 20 color gray
create road loc 9 22 color gray
create road loc 9 24 color gray
create road loc 11 19 color gray
create road loc 13 19 color gray
create road loc 15 19 color gray
create road loc 17 19 color gray
create road loc 19 19 color gray
create road loc 21 19 color gray
create road loc 23 19 color gray

create tree loc 3 0 color green
create tree loc 3 2 color green
create tree loc 3 4 color green
create tree loc 3 6 color green
create tree loc 3 8 color green
create tree loc 4 9 color green
create tree loc 18 9 color green
create tree loc 19 8 color green
create tree loc 0 2 color green
create tree loc 0 0 color green
create tree loc 0 4 color green
create tree loc 0 6 color green
create tree loc 0 8 color green
create tree loc 0 10 color green
create tree loc 0 12 color green
create tree loc 23 13 color green
create tree loc 23 14 color green
create tree loc 24 13 color green
create tree loc 24 14 color green
create tree loc 8 24 color green
create tree loc 9 24 color green
create tree loc 10 24 color green
create tree loc 11 24 color green
p
